# WikiRacer

## Description:

We decide to build a Q&A web service for all courses offered in UIUC, which is open for all students including undergrads, grads, and alumni. It can be described as ”a mixture of piazza and reddit”. There will be a unique tab for each course, under which all students are welcome to ask and answer questions as well as post review/comments related to the course. Marking system will be included for the overall difficulty, recommendation rate, registration difficulty, etc. of each course and users/students are encouraged to leave their rate on them. Recommendation system is provided as a key feature of our service that suggests a list of courses for a student to take next semester according to his/her major requirements, academic standing, interested/attended courses and the registration difficulty of each course.


## Usefulness:

Our web service is similar to piazza which is a Q&A web service but concentrates on U of I students. Besides, our website will have the following advantages compared to piazza. 

Firstly, since piazza only offers several Engineering and Mathematics courses for students in UIUC, and we heard lots of complaints from students majored in Liberal and Arts mentioned the lack of information about their courses and couldn’t discuss in piazza made them so worried about their courses. Our web service will cover all the courses in U-I system to let current and upcoming students have resource to know each of their courses detailed and discuss with different students during our web service.

Secondly, in different course website, we will include the information about the overall difficulty of the course, registration, and the level of difficulty for each professor in this course to help student to decide whether to enroll this course or not.

Thirdly, as this is a user-interact website, our web service will provide several academic background and course interests questions when students register our website, then our web service will provide several recommended courses for students to take next semester according to their background and interests. 


## Realness:

Our data include all courses’ number, name, instructors, and description in University of Illinois. These course information are crawled from Course Explorer. We will also use students’ preference, registered classes, and reviews, which will be obtained from our users.


## Functionality:
Basic functions:

Provide a forum of each course in UIUC  for users to ask and answer questions. Update the forums before each semester according to latest course information from university website. Allow students to review and score each course for different aspects such as difficulty and workload.
Get real data by both crawling the university website and generated by real users. Crawling the university website for course data to set up forums. Inserting real Q&A data by students around us.
Set up the basic database structures for course information, user information and posts. Insert, update and delete records of the database when user generating, editing or removing posts. Querying records according to different attributes such as post date, keyword, topic.

### Advanced functions:
- Course suggestion and recommendation for users

- We will provide suggestion and recommendation for our users about what course they should take in later semesters by analyzing their own information such as what courses they have taken, their expected difficulty and overload, the specific areas they are interested in.  We will also combine with data from department websites about course description and related topics to make the recommendation.
Post filter

- We will allow administrators to add some specific filtering rules so that some illegal posts will be disallowed in the forum such as those directly talking about homework and exam solutions. We will adopt some advanced algorithms and text retrieving techniques to achieve this goals rather than just using simple ways such as detecting single keyword. We expect to achieve much better precision and performance.
